we do not start with this very well 10 pesos of 1981 can be
guillén many we know these numbers but
I did not find
there was way it seems according to cents
we do not have very well
in defining the year
it is one of my favorite cosmopolitan good
the most consistent that found 10 d
they look like 1852
and I really do not know what it looks like
with the pushkin in total but not
I do not remember very well
that the shock
of whom yes the coin
this was what I found
per hundred to make is a coin
of bonus is one thousand 100 thousand chips per sale and
all can be
or 41 what one hears
he has an origin
from nogoyá half
it seems from
I do not know if in it ever
bathroom in silver seems like yes
this is a button that I found I do not know the truth has no date has not
name nothing
today I had volta turn the mines to grow
if someone can help me to tell me this currency that is because it is that if not
he
despite this I do not know the truth
that they were doing and can help me to tell me what is
I will not say botero explained who this writes
in fact its 1914 center very nice
and this destroys your pennies
30 or 40 years ago
a few years are like my baby but good with one time
one of those that
that price
we all spend peace
After lunch he had 22 points was presented today
I liked this a lot because everything is gunpowder inside and it appears from
the current world revolution is about 130 showed very sure
this key
in 2005 but with a Tucuman
I also found
and this I did find very nice I found it on mtv
on a wall of a hacienda
the old one
efe
then the lack against the trunk good
this I do not know what to be really free as of one million 200 thousand horses
same as other points in the area
we want a strict control of the system I found
near him is one of the dishes
ramón jesurún
the first
as well
I am not a doctor but not being registered, others are old, true
new laredo - colo colo
neither should we go crazy
explained that the idea that is one of my favorites
specific
cusco cusco self
a common juvenile set
it's like a destination with theo min
tuni as momo
an impact on the year as a museum a consumption very little or that is a good
common that is a 52
I also do not understand why they continue as a little angel
hat with the headlines and ready
the helmsman management of the button I think a proposal in france
and well this is what tells us that I do not know what it is to be able to appear this
collect the currency
despite this I do not know what will be the only crime that comes
very interesting moment
I'm not going to sell backlit good novelda when they have given us so that
there is more or less the figure seems
for me it makes me that is common
for the scare regús and browns are so similar I do not know
but they can not help identify objects
well here we are many of the 60 liters without more beautiful
that you have a clearer image
Well, she stopped being fired by the head of state
and then soleil any
the rain with this way has grown a lot
and you do not know how officials are